README.md, before:

# Holiday Hack 2020 project
## Project name: Hydration Monitor

## Inspiration
According to a survey conducted by the Nutrition Information Center, about 75 percent of Americans are chronically dehydrated. Dehydration can cause fatigue, foggy memory and irritability. Dehydration is one of the most common risk factors for kidney stones. It is critical to maintain well hydrated status in daily life.

## What it does
Hydration monitor provides a quick access point for people to check their hydration status and gives advices on the fluids intakes.

## How I build it
The topic was researched to gain enough correct information to help people realize their hydration status. The app was built using the React framework. The web app is styled using the tailwindCSS framework. The react-spring package is used to added transition animation into the web app.

## Challenges I ran into
Challenges includes research the scientific method to check human hydration state. Also, it is time-consuming to install different react packages and set up configurations.

## Accomplishments that I am proud of
The application is easy to understand and use. The app is concise as well as contains all the necessary information.

## What I learned
I learned how to design the layout and the logic of a web app and how to use react framework and different packages to implement it.

## What's next for Hydration Monitor
Test the application and collect feedbacks to improve the user experience. Add more functionalities to the web application.

## Built With
1. React
2. TailwindCSS
3. react-spring
4. react-router-dom

## Try it out
https://hydrationmonitor.z20.web.core.windows.net/

Commit message:

Add video link to readme

README.md, after:

# Holiday Hack 2020 project
## Project name: Hydration Monitor

## Inspiration
According to a survey conducted by the Nutrition Information Center, about 75 percent of Americans are chronically dehydrated. Dehydration can cause fatigue, foggy memory, and irritability. Dehydration is one of the most common risk factors for kidney stones. It is critical to maintaining well-hydrated status in daily life.

## What it does
The hydration monitor provides a quick access point for people to check their hydration status and gives advice on fluids intake.

## How I build it
The topic was researched to gain enough correct information to help people realize their hydration status. The app was built using the React framework. The web app is styled using the tailwind CSS framework. The react-spring package is used to added transition animation into the web app.

## Challenges I ran into
Challenges include research the scientific method to check human hydration state. Also, it is time-consuming to install different react packages and set up configurations.

## Accomplishments that I am proud of
The application is easy to understand and use. The app is concise as well as contains all the necessary information.

## What I learned
I learned how to design the layout and the logic of a web app and how to use the react framework and different packages to implement it.

## What's next for Hydration Monitor
Test the application and collect feedbacks to improve the user experience. Add more functionalities to the web application.

## Built With
1. React
2. TailwindCSS
3. react-spring
4. react-router-dom

## Demo video link
https://youtu.be/IsId9kFqgK4

## Try it out
https://hydrationmonitor.z20.web.core.windows.net/
